So our game doesn't really have any camera
movement right now, it's a static camera.
It would be a lot more interesting and
dynamic if the camera was
actually moving around and
attempting to follow some of the action.
So using what we've learned so far, I want
you to try to stretch a little bit and
create a script component called
CameraMovement that attaches
to the camera GameObject and moves
the camera gently to frame the action.
So I've got a couple hints here,
and I'll give you one more.
So the first hint is you should use
Vector3.Lerp() inside of Update(),
not fixed update,
to move the camera's position every frame.
The reason you wanna use Update()
is because it's the camera,
it's was rendering things every frame.
So you do actually want it to move at
the frame rate to capture the action.
The second hint is, you'll probably
want to calculate the camera's
position by offsetting it by
some distance from the board.
Because if you just have a target,
it's not going to be offset correctly,
I guess.
So yeah, so you need to set
the movement target to the target's
position plus some X, Z offset.
And then you need to linearly
interpolate the position from
the current position to the target.
And I said I had one more hint for
you, and
that is that you won't actually need to
access the camera component to do this.
You should just be able to do this
with the game object's transform.